### Cron Jobs

Let’s create a Bash script that will take care of running our test1.py file.
$ touch callinPythonFiles.sh
$ chmod +x callinPythonFiles.sh $ nano callinPythonFiles.sh
#!/bin/bash
echo “Running test1.py file” python /path/to/my/file/test1.py
$ ./callinPythonFiles.sh
What just happened? We created a script that executes the commands as if we were typing them on the command line. On the second line we gave execution privileges to the script we created (chmod +x), we edit the file and put the commands, and we run the file. Finally we execute the script, and the result you have should be something very similar to:
14
￼So now we have a file that is able to call the Python file automatically. The Python file can be anything and can do anything we want, what happens if I want to be executed every minute for example? The answer to this problem can be found in the title for this section: cron jobs. There are lot of ways to accomplish this goal, cron jobs is the simplest one.
The first step would be to open the cron scheduler:
$ crontab –e
# scroll to the bottom of the page
* * * * * /home/pi/testDir/callinPythonFiles.sh
You can see a list of a couple of examples using this technique.
￼￼￼15
After you do that you should have an error:
$ (CRON) info (No MTA installed, discarding output)
Which basically means we need to install an external library:
$ sudo aptitude install postfix
Once you finish this, you should receive a message generated by the script on:
$ cat /var/mail/pi
# You should see something like:
￼Another option for receiving the information is this:
$ cd /home/pi/testDir/ $ touch readme.txt
$ crontab –e
# scroll to the bottom
* * * * * /home/pi/testDir/callinPythonFiles.sh > /home/pi/testDir/readme.txt
$ cat /home/pi/testDir/readme.txt # You should something like this


| 0           | 20         | *         | *           | *                 | /home/pi/on.sh 25 |
| ----------- | ---------- | --------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- | 
| Minute(:00) | Hour (8pm) | Every Day | Every Month | Every Day of Week | path to command   |

| Year | Temperature (low) | Temperature (high) |  
| ---- | ----------------- | -------------------|  
| 1900 |               -10 |                 25 |  
| 1910 |               -15 |                 30 |  
| 1920 |               -10 |                 32 |  
